Update Troubleshooting.md (#6278)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/set-up/project-settings/umbraco-cicd/Troubleshooting.md

Once that has been done, you should run a new deployment without the `cloud-sync` step.

> #### Skip cloud-sync in GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Skip cloud-sync in GitHub
```

> [(for Azure DevOps see further down)](#skip-cloud-sync-in-azure-devops)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Azure DevOps, see the [Skip cloud-sync in Azure DevOps](#skip-cloud-sync-in-azure-devops) section.
```

Your pipeline should now be functioning as expected.

> #### Skip cloud-sync in Azure DevOps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Skip cloud-sync in Azure DevOps
```

> [(for GitHub see above)](#skip-cloud-sync-in-github)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For GitHub, see the [Skip cloud-sync in GitHub](#skip-cloud-sync-in-github) section.
```
